just a very straightforward section here
really
just a national standard section the
type is actually to find the banks
two-day trial all the lakes two-day
trial something like this just a common
standard section just a little bit water
to start with up onto the bank here
there's quite a quite a few small rocks
in here so it's just be careful really
and just you know like pick your line
between the rocks and as you say just
might be ready for the rocks to move so
we drop down into the bottom here all
this particular section in the third
year because we've got a very very steep
climb coming out and we actually turn
into it left here so when you're in the
bottom here
I'll just be concentrating on lean lean
the bike on this inside leg and putting
this leg out at a slight angle so you
can lean the bike all the way through
the corner if your body leans in as well
he ended up going into the corner and
carry on lean in and just do one big
loop and going back down so you've got
to keep your body straight you know it
is directly up as possible and just like
leaning the bike into the corner you
know as soon as your inside shoulder
goes in you know you've finished really
five the section so it's just very
important to come into here and keep
your body upright nice little bit of
speed just to carry it through the
corner and shut off mid corner so will
accelerate come into here and shut off
on the way off then as soon as the bike
straight again and your body's back on
the bike bring the power back in the
important bit is just as we come in
straighten everything caught very very
fast so we're coming to the corner and
flick it straight again and get back
standing right in the middle of bike and
just feed the power on just feed it in
nice and easy and as it gets to the top
it starts getting a fair bit steeper and
stony so a probably start spinning so if
it starts spinning there's not a lot
else you can do apart from increase the
the revs and start bounced up and down
on the back wheel and just hope it digs
in somewhere and pushes you forward then
just carry on out to the top all the
time is it gets a little lit little
steeper the foot we will be trying to
come off so I'll be just pulling myself
forward slightly on the handlebars
trying to keep the foot wheel down
we've got me very aware that if you do
this obviously you lose a little bit of
grip from the rear wheel so all the time
you just got me finding the compromise
just moving your weight backwards and
forwards just
get the bike driving through and out
sigue we just had his bodyweight he just
kept it you didn't set the bike up quick
enough and he just like let it follow
through and he came out on the wrong
side the rot you know you got to lean
the bike on the inside of that leg and
keep your body straight we let his body
leaning let's see how it goes this time
he gets his speed now it turns into the
corner that was a lot better it's
fighting it now at the top